Energy efficient devices and infrastructure as well as renewable energy sources such as efficient solar power panels enable to build zero net power consuming buildings. As more control over HVAC and lighting system became possible, more efficient management of the infrastructure became available. And, thus, individual's energy consumption take a significant amount of total power consumption of buildings. Often times, individual's awareness of the environmental factors such as carbon dioxide and energy conservation plays an important role. Some works from social science emphasize on the fact that personal information regarding energy conservation may help people improve their energy usage pattern significantly. Some of social scientists claim that not only individual level of granularity of information is important, but also continual awareness of the energy conservation is important. In response to such demands, we present SpotLight, a system that profiles individual's energy consumption pattern in real time. Our prototype implementation views appliances as rendering a service to a user and the energy consumption associated with the appliance as a cost for the service. Each participating appliance is specified a service range, a physical vicinity from the appliance within which the user benefits from the service. Using radio receive strength from user-wearable mote tags, an appliance is able to determine the users in its service range. In order to make these measurements, each appliance is instrumented with a power meter and a mote tag reader. The current implementation of Spotlight uses a COTS power meter and MicaZ motes. The Spotlight system is deployed and tested in an experimental setup with various appliances and users. We evaluate multiple schemes of accounting energy consumption based on an individual's movement profile and the appliances' power profile. Our preliminary results show how the system could detect wasted energy and we discuss interesting individual behavior that could be interpreted for various energy optimizations.