Power Measurement:

Two units for measuring power consumption have been studied.
  1. Veris H8036
  2. Watts Up Pro
The Veris device is a CT based power meter with an RS-485 interface. It has
the ability to sense upto 100 Amps of current and the meter can be sensed at
the maximum rate of the RS-485 interface. It costs about $900.
The Watts Up Pro is a consumer friendly power meter that has USB interface
and Windows based software to read the meter. It can be sensed once per
second. It costs about $150.

The device being chosen for the project is the Watts Up Pro for the
following reasons:

  1. The Veris device needs to strip off the cable cladding to get the
clamps on the wires. The Watts Up is plug and play.
  2. The Veris device does not have any display to see whether anything is
happening. The Watts Up has an LCD display.
  3. The Veris device has an RS485 interface for which we have to build an
interface circuit before we can start any testing. The interface for Watts
Up is USB.
  4. The Veris device is over 6 times more expensive.
  5. The protocol and code for the Watts Up Pro are both available from the
manufacturer.

The only concern in choosing the Watts Up Pro was a confusion in whether the
interface was an RS232 or a USB interface. After discussions with the
distributor and the manufacturer over the last week, we were able to confirm
the USB interface.

The USB interface poses a problem for the project since the mote being used,
the MicaZ, does not have a USB interface. To circumvent this, a mote with a
USB host interface, the iMote2, was considered as an alternative. A quick
search revealed that the pins exposed for the USB host are present on the
advanced 40-pin connector but to use it would require to build a small
custom board. To avoid the delay associated with the custom board design, we
propose to use a higher-powered Stargate2 microserver as a USB to RS232
interface.

The Stargate 2 would connect its USB Host port to the Watts Up Pro and use
the UART on the mote connector send out power measurement readings to the
attached mote.

Things to do this week:

1. We require to figure out the precise hardware and software interfacing
requirements between the power meter, SG2 and the mote.
2. Order the Watts Up Pro through their distributor.
3. Start working on the SG2 and get a feel for the 'programming model'.
4. Use the code for the power meter on Linux and get it to work.


RFID:

Last week's work
: We have two kinds of RFID readers : 4 of SkyeTek M1s and 9 of SkyeTek M1-minis
  - Both of them support TTL level UART interface
  - VCC for M1 is 5V fixed
  - VCC for M1-mini is 1.8V-5V variable(this may use same VCC of MicaZ Mote)
: Made Physical Interface(TTL-level UART) between SkyeTek RFID reader and MicaZ Mote
: Checked barebone(not SOS code) UART code for MicaZ Mote and TX working
: Read SkyeTek RFID protocol and did preliminary study for making device driver
: Read RFID Antenna Design guide
  - RFID readers have internal antennas whose range is about 2~3 inches, we could also use external antenna for longer scan range. We have one external antenna(EA1), which might be used for sharable appliances. 

This week's plan
: Complete a simple device driver for RFID reader
  - Send a command(scan, continuous scan, scan one, and etc) and make RFID reader can scan Tag ID
  - Once the RFID reader scan it, the Mote sends Tag ID to a computer



